Update the Type pairing guideline page title and content (#1048)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/guidelines/type-pairing.mdx

---
title: Type pairing

> description: Typography can help create clear hierarchies, organize information, and guide users through a product or experience. Type parings and spacings support different levels of architecture or areas that require varying typographic hierarchies and are the keys to making the best IBM.com experiences through typography successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Typography can help create clear hierarchies, organize information, and guide users through a product or experience. Together, type pairings and spacing support different levels of architecture or areas that require varying typographic hierarchies, and are the keys to making the best IBM.com experiences through typography.
```

---

<PageDescription>

Typography can help create clear hierarchies, organize information, and guide users through a product or experience. It's essential to understand the [typeface](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/typography/overview/#typeface:-ibm-plex), [type scale](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/typography/overview/#scale), [type tokens](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/typography/overview/#type-tokens-and-sets), and the [expressive type sets](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/typography/expressive) before diving into creating an IBM.com experience.

</PageDescription>

<br />

## Designing with type pairs

> Consistent type pairing, along with the correct spacing, can support different levels, which are the keys to making the best IBM.com experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consistent type pairing, along with the correct spacing, support different levels of architecture or areas that require varying typographic hierarchies, and are the keys to making the best IBM.com experiences through typography.
```
